The first goal of our project was to verify the theory of “Six Degrees of Separation”, which asserts that any 2 people are at most six social connections away from each other. We assessed whether this theory applies to musical artists by creating a graph in which artists are connected if they have collaborated on a song. Through our analysis of this graph, we concluded that this theory does not apply to the music industry- the graph contained 7898 distinct connected components, proving that there are many artists that are not connected. Despite this, we found that over 80% of the artists inputted lied in the same connected component.
The second goal of our project was to allow a user to generate custom playlists based on the artists they input. We accomplished this by using the BFS and MST algorithm between two artists and tracing the path of song edges in order to create our playlists. It was extremely interesting to see how connected the graph was since we did not realize how often artists collaborate with each other. The BFS algorithm traces the shortest path between two artists and returns the artists as well as the songs they collaborated on. This generates a playlist from one artist to another. On the other hand, with Prim's Algorithm, each song on the connected component is added to the playlist until all vertices in the component have been included. At each step, the algorithm finds the edge with the shortest path to the starting vertex and adds that to the playlist (tree). 
The most popular artist under the Page Rank algorithm was an artist called “Traditional” which was surprising because in our group he was unheard of. However, we realized that this occurred because the artists connected to him were very popular artists such as Bach and Beethoven. Traditional did not technically collaborate with them but released songs that were remakes of their songs and in our data that meant that they were connected. This does not specifically align with our leading question which only considered strict collaborations between artists and in the future we would like to remove songs that are not collaborations between two artists. 
The Bacon Number algorithm returns the number of adjacent nodes a source node has a certain distance away. This shows how connected a certain artist is to other artists using betweenness centrality. For example, when running the program with Taylor Swift we see that there are 6 artists a distance of 2 away and 14,338 artists a distance of 7 away from Taylor Swift. In the output of this algorithm we calculate the distance from the source node from distances 1 to 15. The output of this algorithm was really interesting because it shows how large each connected component approximately is as well as how connected specific artists are in relation to other artists. 
        The first test case verifies that BFS works. The test case does this by running the BFS algorithm with artists “The Weeknd” and “Ariana Grande” as inputs and comparing the output path vector with the correct shortest path.
        The second test case checks Prim’s algorithm. Similar to the first test case, it runs Prim’s algorithm on the graph using “The Weeknd” as the start point and compares the MST’s path vector to the correct path vector.
        The third test case tests PageRank by using our PageRank algorithm to calculate popularity values for artists “The Weeknd” and “Ariana Grande” and checking whether they match the correct values. Also, it finds the most popular artists on the graph and checks whether that is correct.
        The fourth test case checks our Betweenness Centrality algorithm. This test case Confirms the correctness of the “bacon tables” for artists “The Weeknd”, “Ariana Grande”, and “Idina Menzel” and checks it against the correct bacon tables for these artists.
        The fifth test case checks the number of connected components in our graph and verifies that it’s the correct amount.